you
hi today I'm going to be taking a look
at the vintage v6 m24 down here at grief
studios and just want to tell you a
little bit about this guitar last year
when I went up to John home excuse they
actually have this guitar as a frontal
attack and I was so impressed with it I
said when you make these I have said one
one and but they actually sent me two so
that's pretty cool and I'm really
grateful for that but let me tell you a
little bit about the guitar and it's a
really interesting looking it out they
come in a range of striking colors this
is actually venture a green the one that
I've got here is Lagoona Blue
apparently and they also do a yellow one
which I can never remember the name of
and but they're all very sort of and
parking back to the kind of a tea shred
kind of music scene so you definitely
stand out if you play one of these and
both the body self is an American alder
body and it's got a bolt on 24-fret
and maple neck and maple fingerboard the
frets I think are 24 medium jumbo frets
and it's really cool the guitar yourself
as a contoured low profile Nick and heel
joint so it's real easy to get high on
the guitar and very comfortable to play
and other important things about the
guitar are that it has a Wilkinson V 52k
I think it is vibrato but it's very
bouncy
dive-bomber will inflict ability kind of
things that you want from a guitar it's
also got working some easy opportunist
which helped keep it in tune after
you've been doing all that kind of
dive-bombing and pickups we've got two
Wilkinson and humbuckers which are
really great they clean up really well
quiet medium output I have said and so
you've got tight bottom and really crisp
highs and sort of crystal shimmering
cleans obviously two humbuckers
controlled by the three-way toggle
switch so you've got the bridge two
pickups and neck and also here you've
got the volume and a tone control okay
so that's a little bit about the guitar
and let's take cross a lot we'll start
off with some clean sounds I'm going to
start off using the neck pickup
okay now I'm going to play the neck and
the bridge pickup together I see how
that sounds
okay and here's the bridge pickle
we've got a really good range of stars
are you'd expect from a tween humbucking
guitar the thing i like about this is
when you have it in the middle position
you get a kind of funky sound
one of the other things that are noticed
about this guitar when I first got it
out of the box and actually another
guitarist he was a friend of mine
commented upon this he said it's really
resonant and if I just play a chord when
the guitars unplugged it really rings
and it's a great great feeling guitar to
play so I let's have a look at some of
the overdrive sounds and just quickly go
through those so starting off with a
little bit of a bridge kind of stuff
so that's the bridge pickup okay I'm
gonna put it into the bridge and neck
together see what that sounds like
I'm just gonna roll the volume back a
little bit let's see how that sounds so
you can hear it kind of keeps its
tightness but sort of the tops come
through as well so it's great little
guitar for Mesa and here's the neck
pickle
ah
so if you are this guitar hopefully as
much as I do I'm going to say I'm really
impressed with it and you need to check
these out by visiting the JHS or a
vintage website google it you'll find
that and apart from the build quality
and the sounds that you can get from
this guitar the most amazing thing for
me and I don't know how they do it just
with the hardware alone it's of these
guitars retail for under 250 pounds so
that's obviously going to make people
smile and I'm sure that these will sell
very quickly so get down to your local
music store or check out online and
search for the vintage v6 24 m24 and get
your hands on one thanks very much for
listening
you